[♪]]
The Boeing 747.
I opened the door for long-term trips.
Millions of passengers are transported annually
In addition to millions of tons of freight
It is considered the most successful aircraft of any size.
But with fuel prices rising steadily
The question is: Can Boeing make the "Queen of the Sky" better?
Can the Boeing 747 become a typical example of fuel efficiency?
The 8-747 is a brand-new aircraft [David Loving, Boeing 7-747 designer and designer]
But was built on the bases and rules of building the famous Boeing 747
To build a new 747, Boeing took the world's best and largest airframe
And added to it the advanced technology used in Dreamliner Dream Flight 787
As well as super engines in the 787 aircraft
Boeing engineers designed very sophisticated suites
With curved curves and the edges of slanted wings.
At a stage of design,
We reached a point where we were very concerned about our inability to form the outer cover of the suite
To the shapes required in our usual construction processes.
That is why we have assembled a team that has devised a new technique to form the outer covers of the wings
For a Boeing 7-747, the operation was extremely successful.
With its new and sophisticated wings and engines
And a host of other improvements,
The 8747 offers the lowest operating costs and high fuel efficiency
Compared to any other passenger or cargo plane in its class.
In fact, the 8-747 offers tremendous improvements in fuel consumption
Compared to the previous model.
The Boeing 747-8 represents many of the company's major achievements.
It is the largest commercial aircraft we have produced,
The fastest commercial aircraft in the world,
And one of the most powerful new aircraft on the market.
At the same time, we wanted to create a very quiet airplane structure
And able to land and take off at the same airports landing and take off from the Boeing 747-400
In rebuilding a Boeing 747 for a new era,
Company engineers have shown that innovation sometimes means finding a way
To make the best the best.
When changing the wing of a plane,
You're already building a whole new airplane
The result is the next generation of aircraft
Which sets a new standard for large aircraft that are fuel efficient and reduce noise.
[♪]]
Copyright © 2012 Boeing. all rights are save.]